---
title: 'Wildcard Weekend: Fun for the Whole Family'
date: 2002-01-13
permalink: /posts/2002/01/wildcard/
tags:
  - sports
---

That's right folks, the playoffs are here. It seems as every weekend of football has passed this season, I've realized more and more how much I love the game of football. I wish back when I was growing up, I would have lived in an area with readily available football program.

Back to today's games: Bucs vs. Eagles. I was really rooting for Tampa in this one, I'll admit. I like Dungy and it's too bad it looks like he's going to lose his job. He really had the respect of his players. Philadelphia was just too much in this one. McNabb is a freak (he's a big kid, but watching him scramble and make moves on line backers is a thing of beauty). Game #2 was the real biggun, though. The Jets vs. Raiders in a rematch from last weekend. The Raiders got their revenge and took it to the Jets. The man of the hour? How about Jerry Rice? He's 39 years old and received for about 185 yards and a touchdown! Freak. Alicia was cheering for the Jets in this one, so I'll take this moment to say one thing to her: haha. (I'm gonna get my butt kicked for that one).

Later today we'll see the Dolphins vs. Ravens and Packers vs. 49ers. I'll take the Dolphins (They're damn good at home), and I'll do the unthinkable and take the 49ers. Yes, even though they're playing at Lambeau. Why not? People have been talking a lot of smack about Jeff Garcia and I think he's going to play huge. So much so that I took him in our office pool for this weekend (Don't let me down homie).

Man. Football's great. In other news, I'm enjoying Windows XP on my notebook. Of course I made it look and run exactly like Windows 2000 but the reason for installing it was of course Cleartype fonts. Looks fantastic in my opinion, very clear. Especially when you have black text on a white background. I like it.

UPDATE: Woah, way to go Jim you sure know how to pick 'em. I went 1 for 4 on the weekend, sigh. I picked the Eagles to win (even though I was rooting for T-bay). I figured the Jets would find a way to win on the road again (doh), I -knew- the Dolphins would win at home (doh, doh), and the 49ers would shock the world with a win at Lambeau field in the winter (doh, doh, doh). Sigh. I suck.

:vulcan_salute: