---
title: 'I Am Sore.'
date: 2004-05-18
permalink: /posts/2004/05/sore/
tags:
  - life
---

In an effort to get in better overall physical condition and to keep pace with my significantly younger future spouse, I've started going back to the gym. There's an excellent new YMCA pretty close to my place, so I signed up a little over a week ago. I've really been having fun thus far.

Each morning I wake up around 6:40AM, roll out of bed and head over to the gym (after putting on some clothes, of course). I warm up with 15-20 minutes of basketball, then on the odd days I lift weights as per a program that was put together for me by a trainer there. After the weights, which only really takes me 20-25 minutes, I do some stretching, abuse the hell out of my abs, then jump on a bike for 15-20 minutes of cardio. On the even days, I do everything listed above except the weights.

It hasn't been nearly as hard to keep up with as I thought it would. I'm already starting to see some improvements in my cardiovascular fitness as this morning I was able to go even longer on the bike than I had previously. My trainer says I should start to see some noticeable differences in my muscle tone and strength within three months, so it should be interesting to see the results of my hard work.

Anyone remember that great old SNL skit with Dana Carvey and Kevin Nealon where they both shout: "We're here to pump YOU up!" and they're both wearing padding to make themselves look like muscle-bound fiends? Well, because I'm one of those silly people, that skit constantly goes through my mind when I work out. BEEFCAKE!

:vulcan_salute: