---
title: 'No Pepsi For Over a Year!'
date: 2004-09-11
permalink: /posts/2004/09/pepsi/
tags:
  - life
---

Late last summer I encountered a severe case of abdominal pain. It continued for over a week and I eventually went to the doctor to go through the standard string of tests. I wanted to ensure my appendix wasn't about to rupture and all that. Ultimately, I was okay, of course... but it was this serious discomfort that prompted me to do something that no one really thought I was capable of... give up Pepsi.

You see, amongst my circle of friends, my addiction to that glorious drink had achieved legendary status. I was the guy at a LAN party some years ago in Halifax, Nova Scotia who drank about 15 cans of Pepsi in a couple of hours. The heart palpitations that followed prompted me to slow my pace a little bit. Let's just say that when I told them I was giving up "the sauce", they chuckled and fully expected me to fall off the wagon within a matter of days, weeks at the most.

Well my friends, I'm proud to say that it has been over a year since my last sip of Pepsi. Actually, I can go a step further and say that I haven't had any pop whatsoever in that time. When in search for a cool libation I turn to water, milk and juice. I've grown especially fond of Iced Tea in recent months.

I'm sure if my old crew reads this (Erle, Jonny, Darryl, Darren, etc), they'll either not believe it or have a heart attack on the spot.

If I can do it, why can't you? What should you give up?

:vulcan_salute: