---
title: 'Insight into Football, Writing and being a Bachelor'
date: 2005-09-08
permalink: /posts/2005/09/bachelor/
tags:
  - life
---

It's been awhile since I put on my thinking cap and typed up a post for the front page of my beloved website. SOOOO much is going on in my fast-paced life that I'm not sure I'll even be able to fit it within a couple of mouse scrolls.

... That was sarcasm.

Well, there is Football! The NFL Season looms in front of us and I am really excited about it. The hours spent screaming at my television at our Pittsburgh Steelers, the minutes spend juggling Fantasy Football rosters and the seconds spent running back and forth from the couch to the kitchen for refreshments. The Steelers didn't look overly sharp in pre-season, especially on offense. As such, I'm sure we can all expect to have our heart broken once more come January.

I'm writing again. With what I have on my plate at work, when I get home the last thing I generally want to do is think so my writing goes through peeks and valleys. Right now we're on a peek, so hopefully I can ride it out for awhile. A few months ago I was asked to write content for one of the larger websites dedicated to all things geek. I'm looking forward to it simply due to the size of their audience.

In October, Hooz and I will be flown to Portland, Oregon by Intel for a 2-day workshop on a new processor they will soon be releasing. We've worked with hardware before it was available to the general public before, but this is quite different. Being flown to their freaking lab will certainly be an experience. We're both excited about it.

Last, but certainly not least, as most of my family knows I'm a bachelor again. My little wife has gone back to Westminster College for her final semester. We're pretty bummed about it, but we'll endure. In December she'll be finished and she can move to Canada forever! Wooo!

I guess I'll get back to work. Take care all.

:vulcan_salute: